Du Chen, you already knew
Intentionally frame me
How can this be considered framing?
You obviously took the photo yourself
Bastard, I'll fight with you
Uh-huh.
Third child?
You went to great lengths to frame me
How should I punish you?
My good brother Du Chen
This time we wronged you.
Your brother was also deceived
Just forgive him
So what compensation can I get?
There's 1 billion in your brother's account
It's okay to use him as compensation, right?
That was my last 1 billion deposit
Can't give it to him
This money
If you give it to me normally, I really can't see it.
But if you don't give it
Don't blame me for being rude
What Xiaofan save me don't call me little mom
The opportunity is given to you, it depends on whether you are willing to give it or not
No.
Transfer this eleven to my account tomorrow.
Otherwise you know the consequences
No, this time the old man is clumsy
I apologize to you.
Grandpa, why are you apologizing to him?
Even if the photo is fake
It doesn't prove that he didn't molest the female live streaming host
Shut up and apologize to Du Chao, grandpa
Zhu Chen, I blamed you this time.
I apologize to you.
Miss Lin's apology doesn't seem very sincere.
What do you want from me?
I want you to marry me.